Terms and Conditions




On August 31, 2022, the information was updated.




"## General Terms

By accessing and placing an order with Bookly, you confirm that you are in agreement with and bound by the terms of service contained in the Terms and Conditions outlined below. These terms apply to the entire website and any email or communication between you and Bookly.

Under no circumstances shall the Bookly team be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including

loss of data or profit resulting from the use, or inability to use, the materials on this site, even if Bookly team or third party is at fault.

An authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this site results in the

You are responsible for any costs associated with the servicing, repair, or correction of equipment or data.

Bookly will not be responsible for any outcome that may occur during the course of usage of our resources . We reserve the right to

change prices and revise the resource usage policy at any moment .




## License

Bookly grants you a revocable , non-exclusive, non-transferable , limited license to download , install, and use the app strictly in

In accordance with the terms of this agreement, These Terms & Conditions are a contract between you and Bookly ( " we ," " our ," or " us").

You are granted a revocable , non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download , install, and use the app strictly in accordance with the terms of this agreement.




## Key terms and definitions

For these terms and conditions,




• Cookie: a piece of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser.It is used to identify your browser.

analytics, remember information about you like your language preference or login information

Company : When this policy mentions "company," " we ," " us ," or " our ," it refers to Bookly, who is responsible for your information.

Under this Privacy Policy,

Country : where Bookly or the owners/founders of Bookly are based , in this case, in Vietnam .

• Customer: a company, organization, or individual who signs up to use the Bookly Service to manage relationships.

ith your consumers or service users .

• Device: any internet-connected device that can access Bookly, such as a phone, tablet, computer, or any other device.

nd use the services .

Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol ( IP ) address . These

Numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks . An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a

device is connected to the Internet .

• Personnel: refers to individuals who work for Bookly or are contracted to perform a service on their behalf.

f the parties .

• Personal Data: any information that, directly or indirectly, or in conjunction with other information, includes a personal identification number.

 identification number allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person .

The service provided by Bookly as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform is referred to as the service.

Advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our services are examples of third-party services.

ontent or whose products or services we think may interest you .

• Website: Bookly's website, which can be found at the following URL: null.

You are a person or entity that is registered with Bookly to use the services.




## Restrictions




You agree not to , and you will not permit others to

license, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit the service or service provider

This makes the platform available to any third party .

Any part of the service may be modified, made into derivative works, disassembled, decrypted, reverse-compiled, or reverse-engineered.

Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notice (including any copyright or trademark notice) of or its affiliates, partners, or contractors.

ppliers or the licensors of the service .




## Refund and Return Policy




Thanks for shopping with us . We appreciate the fact that you like to buy the stuff we build . We also want to make sure you have a

You'll have a rewarding experience while you're exploring , evaluating , and purchasing our products .

As with any shopping experience , there are terms and conditions that apply to transactions at our company . We'll be as brief as our

attorneys will allow it. The main thing to remember is that by placing an order or making a purchase from us , you agree to the terms.

along with our Privacy Policy .

If , for any reason , you are not completely satisfied with any good or service that we provide , don't hesitate to contact us and we will

You can discuss any of the issues you are going through with our product .




## Suggestions from You

Any feedback , comments , ideas , improvements, or suggestions ( collectively , "suggestions") provided by you to us with respect to the service shall remain the sole and exclusive property of us . We shall be free to use , copy , modify, modify, publish , or redistribute the

suggestions for any purpose and in any way without giving you credit or compensation




## Your Agreement

We've updated our Terms & Conditions to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and

I see how it's being used . By using our service , registering an account , or making a purchase , you hereby consent to our terms and conditions.




Links to Other Websites

Our service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link , you will be directed to

that third party's site . We strongly advise you to review the terms and conditions of every site you visit . We have no control over it.

We assume no responsibility for the content , terms and conditions or practices of any third-party sites or services .




## Cookies

We use "cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited . A cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer.

or mobile device with your web browser . We use cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our service, but they are not

It is essentialIt is essential to their use . However , without these cookies , certain functionality,functionality, like videos,videos, may become unavailable, or you willwill be

You are requiredYou are required to enter your login details every time you visit our platform,platform, as we would not be able to remember that you havehave logged in.in.

previously . Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookiescookies. However , if you disable cookiescookies, you may not be able to

access functionality on our website correctly or at all . We never placepersonally identifiable information personally identifiable information in cookiescookies.







## Modifications to Our Terms and Conditions




You acknowledge and agree that we may stop ( permanently or temporarily ) providing the serviceservice ( or any features within the service).service).

to you or to users generally,generally, at our sole discretion , without prior notice to you . You may stop using the serviceservice at any time . You do not.not.

You needYou need to specifically inform us when you stop using the serviceservice. You acknowledge and agree that if we disable access to your

IfIf you areare prevented from accessing the serviceservice, your account details or any files or other materials which areare contained in

to yourto your account . If we decide to change our termsterms & conditionsconditions, we will post those changes on this page and/orand/or update the termsterms& conditions. & conditions.

Date of condition modification listed below.Date of condition modification listed below.







## Changes to Our Service## Changes to Our Service

We reserve the right to modify , suspend,suspend, or discontinue , temporarily or permanently , the service or any service to which it connects ,

with or without notice and without liability to you .







Updates to Our ServiceService

We may, from time to time, provide enhancements or improvements to the features oror functionality of the service , which may include

updatesupdates, bug fixes , updates , upgrades,upgrades, and other modifications ( " Updates"") . Updates may modify or delete certain features and/orand/or

functionalities of the service . You agree that we have no obligation to ( i ) provide any updatesupdates, or ( ii ) continue to provide or enable any

specialspecial features and/orand/or functionalities of the service to you . You further agree that all updatesupdates will be ( i ) deemed to constitute an

(ii) subject to this agreement's terms and conditions.(ii) subject to this agreement's terms and conditions.




## Third-Party Providers## Third-Party Providers

We may display , include or make available third-partythird-party content ( including data , information , applications and otherproducts and products and services )

or provide links to third-party websites or services ( "Third-Party Services"") .You acknowledge and agree that we will not be held liable. You acknowledge and agree that we will not be held liable.

responsible for any third-party servicesthird-party services, including their accuracy , completeness , timeliness , validity , copyright compliance , legality ,

decency, quality, or any other aspect of these thingsdecency, quality, or any other aspect of these thingsWe do not assume and will bear no liability or responsibility to you or anyone else.

person or entity for any third-party servicesthird-party services.Third-Party Services and links to them are provided solely for your convenience. Third-Party Services and links to them are provided solely for your convenience.

YouYou access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties ' terms and conditions .




## Term and Termination

This Agreement will remain in effect until either you or we terminate it.This Agreement will remain in effect until either you or we terminate it.We may, at any time and for any or no reason, in our sole discretion

This Agreement may be suspended or terminated for any reason, with or without prior notice.This Agreement may be suspended or terminated for any reason, with or without prior notice.This Agreement will be terminated immediately and without notice.

notice from us , in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this agreementagreement. You may also terminate this agreementagreement by

DeleteDelete the service and all copies thereof from your computer .You must stop using the immediately upon the termination of this Agreement. You must stop using the immediately upon the termination of this Agreement.

service and delete all copies of the service from your computer . Termination of this agreementagreement will not limit any of our rights or

you of any of your obligations under the present Agreement (during the term of this Agreement)you of any of your obligations under the present Agreement (during the term of this Agreement) Agreement.







## Copyright Infringement Notice

If you are a copyright owner or such owner's agent and believe any material from us constitutes an infringement on your copyright ,

PleasePlease contact us,us, setting forth the following information :(a) the copyright owner's or a person's physical or electronic signature (a) the copyright owner's or a person's physical or electronic signature

(b) identification of the allegedly infringing material; and (c) your contact information, including your email address.(b) identification of the allegedly infringing material; and (c) your contact information, including your email address.

(d) a statement from you stating that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not permissible.(d) a statement from you stating that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not permissible.

authorized by the copyright owners ; and ( e ) the statement that the information in the notification is accurate , and , under penalty of

YouYou are authorized to act on behalf of the owner .







## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold us and our parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , employees , agents , partners and licensors ( if

harmless from any claim or demand , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , due to or arising out of your : ( a ) use of the service ; ( b )

(c) infringement of any third-party right.(c) infringement of any third-party right.




## No warranties.

The service is provided to you " AS IS"" and " AS AVAILABLE"" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind . To the

To the maximumTo the maximum extent permitted under applicable law , we herebywe hereby, on our own behalf and on behalf of our affiliates and our respective licensors,licensors,

and service providers , expressly disclaimdisclaim all warranties , whether express , implied , statutory or otherwise , with respect to the service..

including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, as well as warranties that may be expressly stated.including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, as well as warranties that may be expressly stated.

arise outof a of a course of dealing, a, a course of performance , usage,usage, or trade practice . Without limitation to the foregoing , we provide no

and makes no representation of any kind that the service will meet your requirements oror achieve anyintended purpose. intended purpose.

results , be compatible or work with any other software , websites , systems,systems, or services , operate without interruption , meet any

performance or reliability standards toto be error-free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected .

Without limiting the foregoing , neither us nor any provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind , express or implied : : ( i )as an as an

to the service's operation or availability, or the information, content, materials, or products contained therein; (ii) that theto the service's operation or availability, or the information, content, materials, or products contained therein; (ii) that the

(iii) regarding the accuracy, dependability, or currency of any information or content made available through(iii) regarding the accuracy, dependability, or currency of any information or content made available through

or (iv) that the service, its servers, the content, or emails sent from or on our behalf are free of viruses, scripts, trojans, or other harmful code.or (iv) that the service, its servers, the content, or emails sent from or on our behalf are free of viruses, scripts, trojans, or other harmful code.

horses , worms , malware , timebombs,timebombs, or other harmful components . Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on

somesome or all ofor all ofthe above exclusions and the above exclusions and limitations on the applicable statutory rights of a consumer , so some or all of the above exclusions and

These limitationsThese limitations may not apply to you .



Reference: https://termify.io/generate-terms-and-conditions